<ant-meta-thought eventual-goal="list-of-new-prompting-strategies.txt"
  current-task="Analyze the provided codebase and generate prompting strategies">

To generate effective prompting strategies, I'll need to analyze the codebase structure, identify key components, and determine areas where AI assistance could be most beneficial. This will help create targeted prompts that can guide the AI in extending and improving the codebase.

</ant-meta-thought>

<scratchpad>
Key observations:
1. The codebase is for a CLI tool interacting with NVIDIA Cloud Functions
2. Main packages: api, cmd, config, output
3. Uses Cobra for CLI command structure
4. Implements basic authentication and function management
5. Many planned features are not yet implemented (commented out in main.go)
6. The API client (api/client.go) needs expansion
7. Error handling and output formatting can be improved
8. Test coverage is likely minimal or non-existent

Potential prompting strategies:
1. Feature implementation prompts
2. Code refactoring and optimization prompts
3. Error handling and logging prompts
4. Test coverage prompts
5. Documentation generation prompts
6. Security enhancement prompts
7. Performance optimization prompts
8. User experience improvement prompts
9. Cross-platform compatibility prompts
10. Integration with other tools/services prompts

</scratchpad>

<ant-meta-thought>
Based on the analysis, I'll create a list of prompting strategies that can guide the AI in extending and improving the nvcf codebase. These strategies will focus on different aspects of the project, from feature implementation to code quality and user experience.
</ant-meta-thought>

Here's a list of prompting strategies for extending and improving the nvcf codebase:

1. Feature Implementation Strategy:
   Prompt: "Implement the [feature name] functionality in the nvcf CLI tool, including the necessary commands, API client methods, and output handling."

2. Code Refactoring Strategy:
   Prompt: "Analyze the [package/file name] and suggest refactoring improvements to enhance code readability, maintainability, and adherence to Go best practices."

3. Error Handling Enhancement Strategy:
   Prompt: "Improve the error handling in [package/file name] by implementing a consistent error handling mechanism, including detailed error messages and appropriate logging."

4. Test Coverage Expansion Strategy:
   Prompt: "Create a comprehensive test suite for the [package/file name], including unit tests for critical functions and integration tests for CLI commands."

5. Documentation Generation Strategy:
   Prompt: "Generate detailed godoc comments for all exported functions, types, and methods in [package/file name], following Go documentation best practices."

6. Security Enhancement Strategy:
   Prompt: "Analyze the [package/file name] for potential security vulnerabilities and suggest improvements to enhance the overall security of the nvcf CLI tool."

7. Performance Optimization Strategy:
   Prompt: "Identify and optimize performance bottlenecks in the [package/file name], focusing on reducing resource usage and improving execution speed."

8. User Experience Improvement Strategy:
   Prompt: "Enhance the user experience of the [command name] by improving command-line argument handling, adding interactive prompts, and providing more informative output."

9. Cross-platform Compatibility Strategy:
   Prompt: "Review the [package/file name] for any platform-specific code and suggest modifications to ensure compatibility across Windows, macOS, and Linux systems."

10. Integration Strategy:
    Prompt: "Develop an integration plan for connecting the nvcf CLI tool with [external service/tool name], including necessary API client methods and command-line options."

11. Cobra Command Structure Optimization Strategy:
    Prompt: "Analyze the current Cobra command structure in [file name] and suggest improvements to enhance the overall CLI hierarchy, including subcommands and flag usage."

12. Configuration Management Strategy:
    Prompt: "Improve the configuration management system in the config package, including support for multiple configuration files, environment variables, and secure storage of sensitive information."

13. Output Formatting Enhancement Strategy:
    Prompt: "Extend the output package to support multiple output formats (e.g., JSON, YAML, table) and implement a consistent styling system for CLI output."

14. API Client Expansion Strategy:
    Prompt: "Expand the API client in api/client.go to include comprehensive error handling, retry mechanisms, and support for all NVIDIA Cloud Functions API endpoints."

15. Continuous Integration Setup Strategy:
    Prompt: "Design a continuous integration (CI) pipeline for the nvcf project, including automated testing, linting, and build processes for multiple platforms."

These prompting strategies cover various aspects of the nvcf codebase and can be used to guide AI assistance in improving and extending the project. Each strategy can be applied to specific parts of the codebase or used as a general approach for overall improvement.

<ant-meta-thought>
This list of prompting strategies provides a comprehensive approach to extending and improving the nvcf codebase. It covers various aspects of software development, from feature implementation to code quality, testing, and user experience. These strategies can be used individually or combined to create more specific prompts for AI assistance.
</ant-meta-thought>